Integrate latest AsciiDoc updates (#2028)
KhronosGroup/glTF: specification/2.0/Specification.adoc

[[scenes-overview]]
=== Overview

> glTF 2.0 assets **MAY** contain zero or more _scenes_, the set of visual objects to render. Scenes are defined in a `scenes` array. All nodes listed in `scene.nodes` array **MUST** be root nodes, i.e., they **MUST NOT** be listed in a `node.children` array of any node.

Reviewer: Can the same root node appear in more than one scene?

====

An accessor referenced by `inverseBindMatrices` **MUST** have floating-point components of `"MAT4"` type. The number of elements of the accessor referenced by `inverseBindMatrices` **MUST** greater than or equal to the number of `joints` elements.

[NOTE]
.Implementation Note
====
The matrix defining how to pose the skin's geometry for use with the joints (also known as "`Bind Shape Matrix`") should be premultiplied to mesh data or to Inverse Bind Matrices.
====

[[joint-hierarchy]]
==== Joint Hierarchy

The joint hierarchy used for controlling skinned mesh pose is simply the node hierarchy, with each node designated as a _joint_ by a reference from the `skin.joints` array. Each skin's joints **MUST** have a common parent node (direct or indirect) called _common root_, which may or may not be a joint node itself. When a skin is referenced by a node within a scene, the common root **MUST** belong to the same scene.

[NOTE]
.Implementation Note
====
A node object does not specify whether it is a joint. Client implementations may need to traverse the `skins` array first, marking each joint node.
====

> A joint node **MAY** have regular nodes attached to it, even a complete node sub graph with meshes.

Reviewer 2: nit: What does "regular" mean?
```suggestion
A joint node **MAY** have other nodes attached to it, even a complete node sub graph with meshes.
```

[NOTE]
.Implementation Note
====

> It's often used to have an entire geometry attached to a joint node without having it being skinned (e.g., a sword attached to a hand). Note that the node transform is the local transform of the node relative to the joint, like any other node in the glTF node hierarchy as described in the <<transformations,Transformations>> section.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
It's common to have an entire geometry attached to a joint node without having it being skinned (e.g., a sword attached to a hand). Note that the node transform is the local transform of the node relative to the joint, like any other node in the glTF node hierarchy as described in the <<transformations,Transformations>> section.
```

====

> To apply skinning, a regular transformation matrix is computed for each joint and then used to transform individual vertices as described in the next section.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I understand the purpose of this statement. What is the ideal behind adding this?

Author: The older version of the spec didn't mention what to do with the joint matrices at all; it just had a link to the overview image that is outdated now.

Reviewer 2: Ok, does this line need to be here if it's used only in the next section?

[[skinned-mesh-attributes]]
==== Skinned Mesh Attributes

The skinned mesh **MUST** have vertex attributes that are used in skinning calculations. The `JOINTS_0` attribute data contains the indices of the joints from the corresponding `skin.joints` array that affect the vertex. The `WEIGHTS_0` attribute data defines the weights indicating how strongly the joint influences the vertex.

> The per-vertex transformation matrix is computed as a weighted linear sum of the joint transformation matrices. Note that per-joint inverse bind matrices (when present) **MUST** be applied before the regular node transforms.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about the usage of "regular". Would "base" be better?

Author: Yeah, I certainly overused the word "regular" in this section.

> This specification does not define size and style of non-triangular primitives (such as _points_ or _lines_), and applications **MAY** use various techniques to render these primitives as appropriate. However, the following conventions are **RECOMMENDED** for consistency:

Reviewer: > This specification does not define size and style...

I think "and" here should be "or".
